I am a Computer Science student at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. I have always found great enjoyment in meticulous record-keeping, and spend much time at the intersection of data, mapping, and climbing. I grew up in Golden, Colorado in a family that loves all things outside. I was lucky enough to be exposed to most outdoor sports by a young age, and I quickly developed a deep passion for peakbagging. As I worked my way through the Colorado 14ers, I grew more and more interested in mountaineering and alpinism. Before long, I had dreams of climbing in the World’s Greater Ranges, and found myself devoting every scrap of free time to learning, training, and planning. 

I climbed Kautz Glacier on Mt. Rainier with my dad at age 14 and finished the Colorado 14ers later that summer. At 15, I became the youngest to summit Colorado’s 100 highest “Centennial” Peaks. That year, I spent a month with my Dad in Peru’s Cordillera Blanca. While there we attained the summits of four 5,000 meter peaks along with the 6,142 meter Nevado Ranrapalca, which remains among my greatest achievements.

I then set the goal of climbing every peak over 13,000 feet in the Rocky Mountains, an exhaustive list of 692 peaks that has been completed only by Teresa Gergen as of 2026. 

The subsequent years have seen varying amounts of progress towards the 13ers, while usually making one or two bigger climbing trips each season. So far these trips have taken me to the Sierra Nevada, Cascades, Wind Rivers, Bighorns, and most recently the Alps, where I climbed the Trois Monts route on Mont Blanc and the Lion Ridge on the Matterhorn both unguided.

Along the way I picked up a deep love for the Desert Southwest. I could spend endless days searching for the secrets of past civilizations and wandering to obscure desert summits, mesas, and canyons. The desert, along with the excellent skiing, a strong computer science and mathematics program, and like-minded peer group, brought me to the U of U, where I have been incredibly lucky to find a welcoming community and seemingly endless opportunities for adventure.

Snow climbing had long been my favorite discipline, and for years I would rely on my Dad and other climbing partners to lead rock pitches. In college, I finally began seriously leading trad. My first trip to Red Rocks, Nevada was a highlight. I also enjoyed my first season of leading water-ice and mixed routes. However, it was canyoneering that rose as one of my main interests. I can often be found exploring Southern Utah’s slot canyons, where I love high-stemming, advanced anchors, and creative teamwork. 

I am so blessed to have such an incredible network of badass friends who make exploriong the outdoors so fun, and it seems anywhere I go I meet incredible people who share my love for the natural world. Keep adventuring!