Welcome! This site is a logbook of my adventures. The main site is built around trips all around the Western States, centered around my home in Colorado and Utah. Most pages are written as reports of my experience, with enough beta to get you on your way. Many of the trips are very easy and suitable to most hikers, while others require advanced technical skills. In general, I will leave the routefinding to you, as that is how I prefer to explore the world. Better resources exist for those of you who are newer to the outdoors. My reports may contain errors. Use at your own risk!

I treat technical canyons a bit differently. Trip reports exist for some of them, but there are far more canyons and technical beta in the Canyoneering page of the site. The Canyoneering page contains lists of canyons, sorted by location and difficulty, which will allow you to plan trips to the slots much more easily than from my main map. If a canyon has a TR it will be linked from the beta, and vice versa.

International trips are accessed separetly though the International Trips page, and are intended to be stories rather than guides. 

Some of the adventures display top-tier scenery or climbing, while others are short hikes that are only suited to fill a couple hours while you are in the area. My metrics of beauty, character, and wildness quantify my personal experience, though it is incredibly subjective, and I might unwittingly give a higher rating to a boring hike where I experienced a superlative sunrise, over an incredible adventure under gray skies. 

The Beauty rating is simple. How amazed was I by the scenery? Did it make me marvel that the world can be so splendid? Character is how fun and unique is the terrain. An easy park trail will score much lower than a sublime snow arete or sinuous slot canyon. Exposure, memorable movement, and unusual features will score points here.Wildness has to do with the distance from cities, highways, and in some cases, even trails. How pure and untrammeled is the land? How likely am I to see others there? Each aesthetic rating is out of 10, but I am stingey with awarding points. A 2 is fair. A 4 is good. Anything over a 5 is really awesome. Scores above 7 indicate true excellence.

The site is always being updated with my most recent adventures, and you can find the newst ones on the New Trips page.

Some of these trips visit fragile cultural resources. I don't post anything about the most delicate places, but those I do post often have their locations obfuscated to protect them. If you do choose to visit these places, treat them with absolute respect; don't touch dwellings or rock art, don't remove artifacts, and never carve graffiti into the rock. Break any of these, and the karma of the desert will surely bring about your demise!